Reviewer's Name: 
Elie Saliba


Paper Title: 
Approximating Fair Queueing on Reconfigurable Switches


Provide a short summary of the paper (2-4 sentences):
This paper discusses a new solution to congestion control which is approximate fair queueing specifically on reconfigurable switches. The paper explains the needs of such solution due to today’s big datacenter that can benefit immensely from this. The results of this implementation prove the usefulness and improvement in performance that this library has. 


What are the strengths of the paper? (2-4 sentences):
This paper clearly describes the design, implementation, and evaluation of the solution. The paper also provides a very useful background on the existing solutions for queueing and how their solution relates to it. Any reader with no previous knowledge could therefore easily understand this implementation. The results are well discussed and presented to support the claim of the authors in the abstract.


What are the weaknesses of the paper? (2-4 sentences):
This paper focuses on the importance of approximating fair queueing on reconfigurable switches but does not discuss that other than in the last section. It would have been nice to see similar testing data to the ones discussed in sections 6.1.3 and 6.2.3 rather than just talk about the additional overhead. Graphs showing the amount of packets dropped are presented but there was no mentioning of FCT.


Provide detailed comments (expand on strengths/weaknesses):
This paper did a very good job in explaining the development and test of the approximate fair queueing. The results were positive since FCT was improved compared to the traditional existing solutions. The authors gave a well-described background on the matter as well as gave a detailed design and implementation. The pseudo-code and the AFQ examples provide good understanding to the reader. The evaluation of the suggested solution gives a detailed explanation of the different environments used and the experiments held in those environments. The paper needs a little bit more details and explanations related to configurable switches since this is the main of it. Overall, the paper is well written and strongly presented.