Reviewer's Name: 
Elie Saliba


Paper Title: 
The Task of the Referee 


Provide a short summary of the paper (2-4 sentences):
This paper discusses referee reports which are related to research papers, survey and and tutorial papers, and research proposal papers. The author talks about the different criterias used to referee a paper as well as the two major components of a referee report. The paper also gives valuable information for authors to know what to expect when referees read their papers and how editors decide whether a paper is publishable based on the referees’ feedback.


What are the strengths of the paper? (2-4 sentences):
The strengths of the paper is the organization of the ideas and the usefulness of the information presented. The paper does a good job in presenting the importance of the duties that a referee has while writing a report. The paper provides valuable information for referees, authors, and editors.


What are the weaknesses of the paper? (2-4 sentences):
The weakness of this paper is repetition and lack of examples. Some information was repeated multiple times in different sections and that could have been avoided by joining those sections. The paper does not provide brief examples on what would be a good referee report. The paper discusses the criteria and questions that need to be asked while writing the report but does not present examples to support that.


Provide detailed comments (expand on strengths/weaknesses):
The overall topic of this paper is very interesting and helpful. It is a paper that could be referenced by authors, referees, and editors when publishing research papers or working with research proposals. The paper’s organization and flow is good and helps the reader understand the ideas that are being conveyed. As mentioned in the weaknesses of this paper, there are a couple of repeated ideas that could have been avoided. The paper however is very useful and sustainable. Authors, referees, and editors could always use this paper as a reference since the information presented are guidelines that were and are still used. Overall, the paper conveys important information in a well-organized manner.